Feedback INF112 spring 2018 - Oblig.3

Group: Team NASA

Overall feedback
Good delivery. You seem to have updated most of your errors from last time.
There is almost nothing negative to say about most of the deliverables except 
for the design/class diagram and sequence diagram, this is whre you loose most of your points. 

Deliverable: Chess game
Very good, seems to be fully functional with supported AI, accounts and ranking.
Source code and tests also seem good.

Deliverable: Team plan
Fixed and seems to be up to date with your current work.

Deliverable: Project plan and process
Not changed for this part, but seems to be up to date as well.

Deliverable: Retrospective summary
Overall good.

Deliverable: License
Good that you have included most of the different licenses used in this oblig. 

Deliverable: Presentation
Very nice slides and good presentation overall. Presentation went a little bit over the time (not much, about 1 minute).

Deliverable: Sequence diagram
Your sequence diagrams are on the right track, but they are a bit lacking
they should be a bit more specific when it comes to classes and methods used, e.g. not just ChessGame->load menu.

Deliverable: Design/class diagram
This is not good enough, first of, you have already been told that creating the diagrams automatically with Intellij will not be
sufficient for this course. Secondly the diagrams that were created by intellij are not what we are after. A design diagram is still
"just" a class diagram with major classes and functionality etc., but a bit more detailed/specific about types, parameters
and return values, relations, attributes etc. It should just be an extension of the previous class diagram (which was very good), not 
just a big graphic of all classes with a few arrows between.
Feel free to ask TA's if you want an example of a proper diagram.

Score: 89.3 (of 100)
Evaluation: PASS

Graded by Joakim and Dan, Bergen, April 6.
